[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Well, when it started, it
was when I was between 11 and 12
years old.
I was always connected to
my guides since I was born.
I was able to see them all
the time, at school, home,
everywhere.
And it was this day that
I went to eat something,
to eat hamburgers
with some friends,
and suddenly, two
of them appear.
Like a McDonald's, but
it wasn't McDonald's.
[CHUCKLES]
So they appeared
there, and they told me
that, in seven days
from that time,
I would start to
remember everything
I've done before I was
born, and that I will not
be able to see them anymore but
I would be able to feel them.
In order to survive to
all my memories coming,
I had to follow what they
taught me when I was a kid.
So they taught me
a lot of things,
so it was really useful
when I started to remember.
So in between 11
and 12 years old, I
went to school that next week.
They gave us a paper, history,
for ancient civilizations
like 3,000 years before--
BC.
And when I saw the
picture of the pyramid,
I just had a headache.
And all the images
with emotional stuff
came, like I saw myself
in front of the Sphinx
with the face of a lion.
I was a woman.
There was my
husband there and we
were worried about
something that I
have listened in a reunion.
So all these adult things
when I was 12 years old.
So that's how it
started, and every day
was a different memory from
my families, from everyone
in the past.
I was able to see
them like that.
Then it was something,
really, like a cloud
with a human shape, normally
without a face, just eyes
and a round head with light.
But mostly, I listened to them
here, vibrating in the heart.
When I was a kid, I
was able to see them.
Then I couldn't
see them anymore.
When I was 17, I saw them again.
Then I stopped seeing.
And then, when I was
24, I saw them again.
So it's for periods that I can
see them or just hear them.
For me, it was never scary
because I was born seeing them.
For me, it was normal.
For me, it was like a
brother or an uncle that
went away for a trip
and then they went back.
It was something like that.
I was only scared of my darkness
guides that sometimes used
to come, and they were weird.
So that would be
scary the first time,
but then I wasn't
scared anymore because I
knew why they were there.
But no, for me--
they only changed their
aspects according to my age
so I was more related to them.
Like when I was a kid, they
would be tiny and sometimes
with animal shapes.
And they would play with
me and they would teach me
stuff like in a kid language.
And then they started to
come like tall persons, not
small beings, and that's
how I was related to them.
So no, it was not scary, never.
Well, it was weird,
of course, at school
to get related to the
people because everyone
was willing to do stuff
that I don't want to do,
even though my guides and other
beings that I was able to see,
they would always tell me,
you have to be like a human.
So you have to play,
you have to-- you know?
They were teaching me that I
needed to learn about emotions,
that I had to be there,
like if it was a trip to,
I don't know, the
rain forest and I was
looking at monkeys in school.
So I had these friends
from other dimensions
that really helped me to
understand how society was
and not to judge it.
So it was difficult
because a lot of people
didn't understand.
But I was lucky because
my family was agnostic,
so they had no beliefs.
They had no thoughts
about this stuff.
And how do you say the
director of the school?
She also believed in this
stuff, and some teachers too.
So they would help
me a lot, even
if the others didn't
understand, and also my friends.
So I was really lucky.
I cannot say it was bad for me.
Emotion.
Yeah, it was like emotion.
And it's like when you
try to remember something
that you have done or
that happened to you.
It is like the feeling, and
then the images start to come.
Mostly, it was like that.
And sometimes, it was
like a big headache
and like a package
of information,
like doing
[ZIPPING SOUND] like this.
And it was like--
how do you say these files
that you have that zip,
the WinRAR files that
you have in the computer.
And suddenly, it was like--
geometrically, it opened.
And there was images
and many stuff,
and my brain was trying
to attach to all of that
and that's why it was more
emotional than information.
So I would say to my guides,
why do I have to suffer this?
And they said, because all the
information in the universe
is attached to energy, and the
energy in your body is emotion.
So the only way you can open
those files is through emotion.
The Akashic Records
is everywhere.
They are the connection
in between every electron,
every atom.
Everything is connected by that.
It's not a place.
I used to describe
it like a library
because it was easy
to explain how it was.
But actually, it is like a
network of vibration that
goes and connects everything.
And the words, the
books, are like spheres
similar to the electrons
that spin all the time.
So you are the construction
of the Akashic Records.
You are a file, so you
can open those files.
So everyone can do it.
But I used to describe
it like a public library.
You can take the books, but then
you have to deliver it back.
You cannot just do whatever with
a book or break it because you
can do a mess with information.
So you need to be
really balanced
to get into the Akashic Records.
I was not getting into
the Akashic Records.
I just remember I worked there.
I used to describe my job
there like a positive electron
in a cable through internet.
I was just doing that.
Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta.
That's my spirit.
[CHUCKLES]
That was all, but
it was amazing.
Well, my mom was a
very creative person,
so she saw me like a
very creative person, so
a lot of imagination, a good
mind to create stuff, to paint,
to tell stories.
So she would never tell
me, don't talk about this,
whatever.
When things started to be heavy,
like I started to have problems
at school, I started
to see darkness
and I couldn't
handle many emotions,
I was crying for people that
have died thousands of years
ago.
I felt responsible
for countries.
It was so many things that
she started to worry about,
but she would never
say that I was crazy.
She would always look for
people to understand me.
And she was always
looking for people
to help me to organize
the information in my head
and not to say that
this was not true.
My grandmother, she just
started to listen to me
and I began to explain all
this stuff when I was 19 or 18.
She always knew that I was
weird, but a good weird.
[CHUCKLES]
But from that moment
I explained to her
what was happening to me, she
just started to ask me stuff.
And she just said, oh, I'm
thankful that your granddad is
dead because he was more mental.
And the ones that--
my auntie was the
one that it was
most difficult to
understand everything.
She had thought I was crazy.
But mostly, all my
family and friends
were like, oh, tell me more.
So that was good.
Well, I guess that the most
important I can talk about
is what happened in the Vatican.
There's thousands,
but I guess that one,
I received information that we
had to turn the vibration off
of the biggest key in the world.
I was, in 2012, doing a trip
around the world seeding keys,
copper keys in the
world so I could
open the doors of energy for
all my job after doing that.
And when I arrived
to Antarctica--
I was in Antarctica
December 21, 2012.
And that was a whole
other story, a fun story.
But when I was there, the
information I received
was, now you have to wait for
the big lightning in February
2013.
And after March 2013,
the energy of the south
would be in the north.
And when the energy of the
south is settled in the north,
you will be able
to open and to turn
the biggest key in the world
that would turn every key.
And I had no idea
what it was until we
saw the lightning coming in
February 2013 into the Vatican.
And that lightning was the
same day that the pope quit
and the Argentinian pope became
the pope, so from the south
to the north.
And the biggest key in
the world is the Vatican
because St. Peter's
Cathedral was
built by Bernini with the shape
of a key, the key of heaven.
So they would say, you have
to turn from north to south
the key in order to do it.
And because the pope
was Argentinian,
it was easier to
get to him for me.
So the good story about all
that was that my guides told me
that I had to go to Rome and
sit in a specific spot of Rome
to wait for a call.
And I went there.
So I sat there and I
was waiting for a call,
and I just put a picture
in Instagram in 2014,
here waiting for
the pope's call.
And it was fun for me.
But actually, in Scotland,
there was a friend
that was in a spiritual trip.
And she was saying,
oh, Matias is waiting
for the call of the pope.
And there was this lady
in the same bus that says,
I am a friend of the
secretary of the pope.
Do you need the phone?
So somebody calls me
there in that square,
and it was the secretary of the
pope asking, what do you want?
And I was like, I don't know.
[LAUGHS]
So I just told him, well,
my guides told me to come
to the Vatican to ask for
permission to make a change
of energy, and I cannot do
it if you don't allow me.
And so I went to
the Vatican and they
allowed me to do this
gathering in the Vatican
a few weeks later.
So we went, like 500
people to the Vatican
to do this switch of energy.
And I knew that,
if it would work,
nature would show
that it was possible.
So during the whole
day in Rome, June 14
in 2014, we were working with
the energy of the Vatican.
And suddenly, this big storm
appears just out of nothing.
And it was news there because
it was so many lightnings.
And we were the only
500 people running
in the streets
with the lightnings
and doing all this
job of energy.
And suddenly, when the moment
was to open the portal,
this big lightning, exactly
like the one in February 2013,
goes to the Vatican
and everything
starts to vibrate so hard
that we all run to the square.
And we were there,
just opening the--
switching the energy,
and suddenly, the sun
comes, with all this
rain, this lightning
from behind the
cupola of the Vatican,
and two rainbows in the
door of the Vatican opens.
And suddenly, everything's
clear, and that's it.
So it was like nature working
with us during these hours.
And because of that, I was
invited by the secretary
to give the pope a message
and to give it in his hands.
And it was not about religion.
It was because my
guides told me,
you cannot fight
against the old system.
You need to love the
old system in order
to transform it in love.
Otherwise, it would be, always,
fight, fight, fight, fight.
So you should not go against
something that is ending.
You should go and hug it so
you can transform together.
And that was the
goal of that trip.
And the Earth and civilization
were, together, working,
so it was amazing how the
weather showed a portal
after we turned the key.
Oh, like me yesterday.
[LAUGHS]
Well, the thing is
that we are always
awakening, so there
is no way to escape
the feeling of frustration
or feeling of weirdness
or feeling that you are
getting crazy because, in order
to understand a bigger picture
of how the universe works,
you have to break your own mind.
That's why you kind
of need to become
a little bit crazy to
understand something bigger.
I would say, don't
take everything
so seriously because
it doesn't matter
what you see in the universe.
It's just a perspective
or a hologram,
so nothing is really true.
So don't take
anything seriously,
not even what you remember in
the past, other dimensions,
other beings, darkness,
light, anything.
Anything real is real.
It's just different
perspectives.
So when you're opening your
mind, you're just going--
these layers in the
onion, that you're just
trying to discover the core.
So when you are trying
to take the layers
of every part of the
onion to get to the core,
you will cry a lot.
That's natural.
So there's a lot of
suffering involved
because it means
that a part of you
needs to die so other part can
be born and understand itself.
So that's why it is so hard,
this process of awakening.
But we always need to
know that this is die,
born, die, born again.
So I would say, don't take
anything so seriously,
and remember that we
created all this to play.
This is a game, so you have
to learn how to play with it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]